fix: move the release instructions to the repository (#1621)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: RELEASE.md

- [ ] Push the RLS commit `git push upstream main`
- [ ] If a **release candidate** is needed, tick this box when we're now ready for a full release.

**Make the release**

- [ ] [Start a new GitHub release](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pydata-sphinx-theme/releases/new)
  - Call the release the current version, e.g. `v0.2.0`
  - In the **`Choose a Tag:`** dropdown, type in the release name (e.g., `v0.2.0`) and click "Create new tag"
  - In the **`Target:`** dropdown, pin it to the release commit that you've just pushed.
  - Generate the automatic release notes, eventually manually specify the previous version (useful when several release candidate have been made)
- [ ] Confirm that the release completed
  - [The `publish` github action job](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/blob/main/.github/workflows/publish.yml#L31) has completed successfully in the [actions tab](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/actions).
  - [The PyPI version is updated](https://pypi.org/project/pydata-sphinx-theme/)
- [ ] Hide the previous patch version build in the RDT interface if needed.
- [ ] Celebrate, you're done!

> [^release-refs]: Taken from [the release checklist in our wiki](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/wiki/Release-checklist). See [the release documentation](https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contribute/policies.html#release-policy) for an overview of release processes.

Reviewer: I think that having two locations for roughly the same list of information will mean one of them goes out-of-date and we create confusion about which process should be followed. I'd suggest either:

1. Deleting this wiki page
2. Deleting most content in `RELEASE.md` and just providing a link to the wiki page

That way there's a single source of truth. Does that make sense?

Reviewer 2: That makes sense 👍 - we'd already discussed moving this to the release.md file and get rid of the wiki (this was the only content in there).

> [^release-refs]: Taken from [the release checklist in our wiki](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/wiki/Release-checklist). See [the release documentation](https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contribute/policies.html#release-policy) for an overview of release processes.

Author: ```suggestion
[^release-refs]: Taken from [the release checklist](https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/blob/main/RELEASE.md). See [the release documentation](https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/latest/contribute/policies.html#release-policy) for an overview of release processes.
```
I guess that's the change you were talking about right ?

# Release instructions

> The `pydata-sphinx-theme` follows semantic version numbers.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure I agree that we follow semantic versioning. If we think of `conf.py` / `html_theme_options` as our API, then we've made several breaking changes in my time working on the project, and yet we're still in version `0.x` (not `3.x` or `4.x` or whatever).  My feeling is that until we release a `1.0` we don't really want/need to commit to a versioning scheme, as there's generally an understanding that `0.x` software is rough around the edges.

```suggestion
```

That said: we should have a discussion about what it would take to get us to a point where we feel things are stable enough to bump to `1.0`. I'll open a separate issue about that.

Author: sure, I already open a milestone a long time ago and for me the most critical part is to stabilize the css prefixes 
https://github.com/pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme/milestone/11

Reviewer 3: ok, great!  I'll start adding issues to that milestone.  But the point remains that I don't agree that we're following semantic versioning, so I think we should remove this line.
